yet another sleepless night for
Palestinians in Rafa with ambulance
Crews going to the aid of more wounded
children nurses at the Kuwait Hospital
stitched up this child's head
[Music]
wound
for the latest Israeli attacks killed
and injured dozens of
Palestinians Rafa in southern Gaza is
under Relentless bombardment before a
potential ground offensive Rafa who was
previously considered a so-called safe
Zone Israel fears for its captives kills
our children their lives and their
future and takes away our freedom no one
on earth with a clear conscience can
bear the scenes of murdered children
today Israel announced the rescue of two
captives in a raid in Rafa the Israeli
Army says both rescued men are in good
health they've been identified as
60-year-old Fernando marman and
70-year-old LS har prime minister
Netanyahu has tasked Army commanders to
focus on Rafa where more than 1.4
million displays palis Ians are
Sheltering elsewhere in Gaza at least 15
people were killed in the bombing of a
house in Dar
balah we were bombed in Gaza City and
we're displaced to the zaa area and then
to derel Bala we are civilians and we
say to Israel we are steadfast here and
the Arab countries must look up and have
mercy on us across the Gaza Strip
Palestinians are looking for signs of
Life under the rubble after the latest
is assault i genford al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer